content/en/home/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
image: "me-cropped.jpg"
weight: 8
---

I'm Max, and this is my professional site. I did my PhD in machine learning at UC Berkeley in Mike Jordan's group, where I published on topics in Bayesian machine learning, natural language processing (before LLMs ate the world), and theoretical statistics. During grad school, I worked at Google, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and a small startup called Revelio Labs where I oversaw most of the data science work for a time. After grad school, I worked at Google Research before deciding to go freelance. 

I offer two main kinds of services:

* **Technical consulting** -- I have a lot of experience across machine learning, statistical modeling, and data science, both in a research setting and in industry. If you have a project where you need a model built, need help figuring out how machine learning tools or statistical analysis could be useful to you, or want someone to bridge the gap between quantitative data and decision-making, I can assist with any of those needs.

* **Teaching, coaching, and mentoring** -- I offer teaching/tutoring in machine learning, data science, statistics, and math. That can look like directly teaching material you're looking to learn, or providing help with a class. It can also look like offering coaching and mentoring on a project you're working on, if for instance you're new to machine learning, data science, or statistics, and need some help with what you're working on.

You can find more details about both on the pages linked in the menu above.

If you're here for some reason other than contacting me about one of these services and you'd like to talk, I warmly encourage you to shoot me an email.

Commit message:

Added link to Google Scholar p profile.

content/en/home/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
image: "me-cropped.jpg"
weight: 8
---

I'm Max, and this is my professional site. I did my PhD in machine learning at UC Berkeley in Mike Jordan's group, where I published on topics in Bayesian machine learning, natural language processing (before LLMs ate the world), and theoretical statistics. During grad school, I worked at Google, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and a small startup called Revelio Labs where I oversaw most of the data science work for a time. After grad school, I worked at Google Research before deciding to go freelance. 

I offer two main kinds of services:

* **Technical consulting** -- I have a lot of experience across machine learning, statistical modeling, and data science, both in a research setting and in industry. If you have a project where you need a model built, need help figuring out how machine learning tools or statistical analysis could be useful to you, or want someone to bridge the gap between quantitative data and decision-making, I can assist with any of those needs.

* **Teaching, coaching, and mentoring** -- I offer teaching/tutoring in machine learning, data science, statistics, and math. That can look like directly teaching material you're looking to learn, or providing help with a class. It can also look like offering coaching and mentoring on a project you're working on, if for instance you're new to machine learning, data science, or statistics, and need some help with what you're working on.

You can find more details about both on the pages linked in the menu above, and you can find a list of my publications on my Google Scholar [profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=C_SuKbUAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao).

If you're here for some reason other than contacting me about one of these services and you'd like to talk, I warmly encourage you to shoot me an email.
